README.md, before:

Twitter++
=====
*Twitter, with (1) more character*

##Description
A twitter clone that allows tweets of up to 141 characters.

Submitted as an assessment for Epicodus but I will be adding features beyond those requirements just for the fun of it.

User interface is undergoing some reconstruction to make it more ajaxy / functional.

##Screenshot (9/17/2014)

![twitter++ UI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaspeers/twitter_plusplus/master/public/screenshot.png)

## Install
    $ git clone https://github.com/jaspeers/twitter_plusplus.git
    $ cd twitter_plusplus/
    $ bundle install
    $ rake db:create && rake db:schema:load
    $ rails s

Open your browser and navigate to:
    localhost:3000

## usage
Create a new account with the sign-in button.
To mention another user, type their handle into your tweet, preceeded by an '@' symbol, much like the real twitter.

    Example: "Hi @barackobama I am mentioning you!"

The navigation bar at the top will allow you to edit your account (add bio/avatar, edit handle etc). There are also search boxes to find users or tweets.

##Author
Justin Speers <speersjustin@fastmail.fm>

##License
GPL
See LICENSE.txt for more information.

Commit message:

update readme with heroku link

README.md, after:

Twitter++
=====
*Twitter, with (1) more character*

##Description
A twitter clone that allows tweets of up to 141 characters.

Submitted as an assessment for Epicodus but I will be adding features beyond those requirements just for the fun of it.

User interface is undergoing some reconstruction to make it more ajaxy / functional.

##Heroku

Now you can run the current build of Twitter++ on heroku!

[Twitter++ on Heroku](http://twitter-pp.herokuapp.com/)

Keep in mind that this is a work-in progress! It may not run, it may not run well, it may run *too* well. No promises!


##Screenshot (9/17/2014)

![twitter++ UI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaspeers/twitter_plusplus/master/public/screenshot.png)

## Install
    $ git clone https://github.com/jaspeers/twitter_plusplus.git
    $ cd twitter_plusplus/
    $ bundle install
    $ rake db:create && rake db:schema:load
    $ rails s

Open your browser and navigate to:
    localhost:3000

## usage
Create a new account with the sign-in button.
To mention another user, type their handle into your tweet, preceeded by an '@' symbol, much like the real twitter.

    Example: "Hi @barackobama I am mentioning you!"

The navigation bar at the top will allow you to edit your account (add bio/avatar, edit handle etc). There are also search boxes to find users or tweets.

##Author
Justin Speers <speersjustin@fastmail.fm>

##License
GPL
See LICENSE.txt for more information.
